In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I have a secret.
♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! ♪
Father, there's something
I'd like to talk to you about.
-Can I have a few minutes?
-Yes, of course.
Really?
Nathalie will let you know
as soon as I'm available.
It'll be too late then.
Shouldn't you be practising the piano?
Yes.
That's impossible!
[piano music]
[gasps]
Nathalie!
Where is my son?
Adrien has left his room
without either of you noticing?
Find him!
Radiant... Carefree... Dreamy...
Adrien, the fragrance!
Adrien...
-Adrien...
Adrien? The Adrien Agreste?
This is awesome!
[awkward laugh] OK, bye!
When I saw you in that ad,
I told myself: "I got to meet this guy.
He's so cool!"
What if I was, like, your biggest fan?
-Yeah, sure!
-Say "cheese"!
Me and Adrien.
This is the best day of my life!
No! Don't post it up on...
the Internet.
You have got one new alert.
Hmm.
New destination.
Hold up! Could you autograph my cologne
bottle and my life-size cut out?
Some other time! I've got to get going!
No, wait! Adrien!
-It's Adrien, from TV!
-Can I have an autograph for my daughter?
Adrien!
-Radiant... Carefree... Dreamy...
Adrien...
[phone rings]
Marinette! I've been waiting for you
for 15 minutes! Where are you?
I was deciding which swimsuit to wear!
-Radiant...
-Uh-huh.
And Adrien's ad
helps you pick out a swimsuit, girl?
[laugh] Um, yeah! I'll be right there!
Marinette! Marinette!
Haven't you forgotten something?
I forgot to pack my swimsuit!
I have to change!
-Marinette?
-Adrien?
You live near here.
-Can I hide out at your place?
-Uh, at my place? You? Hide out?
-Uh, what's going on?
-Adrien!
Too late!
Adrien! There he is!
Come with me!
Adrien!
Thank you for saving me.
People are going crazy over this ad!
You starred in an ad? I had no idea!
Heh, heh! That's awesome!
I don't know about that.
In fact, it's really quite...
embarrassing?
Hey! All good now. I'd better get going!
Isn't that... your bodyguard?
Actually, I snuck out without permission.
I'm supposed to be at home right now and--
Adrien and his girlfriend in the fountain!
-Adrien?
-In the fountain?
-With Marinette?
-Oh!
You have got one new alert.
[groans]
[panting]
I'm so sorry I got you
in this crazy mess, Marinette!
Plus, now everyone thinks
you're my girlfriend.
Oh! That's terrible! Yeah... I mean, no!
I mean, it's not that terrible really,
is it? Or... not?
Anyway, will things be OK
between you and your father?
How could anything bad happen
with my Marinette Lucky Charm?
[scream]
-It's Adrien from the ad!
-Adrien!
[hysteria continues]
They look so cute together!
We can't stay here!
Adrien!
Look! That's Adrien's bodyguard!
I got his phone!
-Adrien?
-Who are you? And where's my son?
Return that phone this minute
or I'll have you arrested!
They got off the train at Concorde!
[groans]
Hmm?
Master, you don't really think
Adrien could be Cat Noir?
I don't know, but he's hiding something.
Since his bodyguard lost him, there's only
one way for us to uncover his secret.
Nooroo! Dark wings rise!
[groans]
Is this your vehicle?
What kind of a parking job is this,
in the middle of Paris?
You think you own the streets?
Go on, take it away!
And assaulting a police officer on duty?
This is not looking good for you!
[phone rings]
What do you think you're doing?
Don't pick up, I'm talking to you!
What have you done? Where's Adrien?
Don't tell me it's that hard
to keep an eye on a boy!
Or are you just too stupid to do something
so simple? You'd better find him and fast!
...and another one, and another one...
A failed bodyguard
who can't perform his duties.
Anger and frustration.
Perfect fodder for my akuma.
Fly away, my little akuma,
and evilise him!
[groans]
Gorizilla, I am Hawk Moth!
I'm giving you tracking abilities you'll
need to hunt down the person you've lost
and accomplish your mission.
[groans]
[screams]
[roars]
Good thinking! Without the disguises,
we'd never have made it here!
No, it was your idea to duck into this
dark theatre, remember? That was smart!
This is where I was heading
when those crazed fans showed up.
Thanks to you, my father won't find out.
Wait.
You aren't allowed to go to the movies?
I am, with my bodyguard or Nathalie,
of course.
But I'm not sure my father
would have allowed me to see this movie.
Oh, no! Please don't tell me
it's a horror movie. I hate horror movies!
No, don't worry! It's a rare movie
I've never been able to see.
It's not on the Internet,
and my father's hidden the only DVD.
You see,
my mother played the leading role.
Wow. I had no idea.
It's only being shown once,
today, in this theatre.
I couldn't talk to my father about it,
so I decided to sneak out, unnoticed.
I don't think the "unnoticed" bit
went too well, actually!
Well, at least I'll get to see it.
Not to mention it's the first time
I've seen a movie with a friend.
Radiant... Carefree...
-Dreamy... Adrien, the fragrance!
Oh, it's starting!
Adrien in a helmet at the movies
with his girlfriend wearing a towel!
Adrien's at the movies!
We're trapped! What are we gonna do?
Adrien like movies! I like movies too!
[screams]
Are you... my bodyguard?
[sniffs]
Let go of Adrien right now!
Stop! I'm the one you wanted.
Leave them alone!
Gorizilla, you have fulfilled
the first part of your mission!
Now don't let go of Adrien, not until
Ladybug and Cat Noir come to rescue him!
Adrien! I'm coming to save you!
Adrien needs me!
Tikki, spots on! Ha!
Put Adrien down, right now!
[roars]
Let him go!
Ladybug!
She's alone. If Adrien is Cat Noir,
then he'll have to transform to help her.
Gorizilla, attack Ladybug!
There's no use. He's too strong!
Cat Noir, where are you?
I really need your help, fast!
I'm at Montparnasse Tower!
Lucky Charm!
A helicopter?
It isn't really a good time to play!
Excellent! Now, take Ladybug's Miraculous
while we wait for Cat Noir.
-I'm so sorry, Ladybug.
-Don't worry!
Let me try to manoeuvre this thing!
Get Ladybug back!
Hold on!
Sorry!
Let go of Adrien right now!
Jump, Adrien! Quick!
You have to trust me!
Always! Yeah!
No!
If you don't transform soon,
you'll wind up like a pile of camembert!
I can't, Plagg.
Not in the open like this!
I'm sure Ladybug has a plan! I trust her!
Don't be scared, Adrien!
I'm going to catch you!
If indeed you are Cat Noir,
then transform, son, please!
Come on, son!
Cat noir, help!
Drop Ladybug!
[cheering and applause]
Gorizilla, get them back!
And don't mess up this time!
I just knew I could count on you,
Mila... Uh! Ladybug!
Adrien! You're safe!
Your earrings are flashing.
It won't be long before I transform back!
But don't worry.
Cat Noir will be here soon
to take care of things!
You can leave! I'll keep him at bay!
No. I want you to find
a safe place to hide!
Oh! OK!
You shall not pass!
Radiant... Carefree... Dreamy...
Adrien, the fragrance!
Now you won't be able to sniff out Adrien,
will you? Go ahead, try!
[roars]
I'm coming, Adrien!
I think you lost him!
Looks like it!
Any idea where his akuma could be?
You're about to transform back.
Leave me here.
I'll hide while I wait
for Cat Noir to turn up.
But what if the supervillain finds you?
He's my bodyguard! He won't hurt me!
Of course! I know how we can trap him!
This way, I'll have time
to find out where his akuma is!
Meet us at the subway.
Adrien agreed to act as a bait,
but we really need you and your cataclysm
to make this work. Hurry up!
-What if Cat Noir doesn't turn up?
-Oh, he will. I trust him.
You're right. I'm sure he'll be here.
What rabbit are you planning
to pull out of your hat now?
You can't exactly be Cat Noir
and Adrien at the same time!
And what if I can?
I need some help!
Adrien!
He's coming.
Hurry up, Cat Noir!
[car alarms go off]
Over here!
Why don't you pick on someone
your own size?
Don't worry, Adrien.
I won't let him touch a hair on your head!
Adrien and Cat Noir, side by side?
So I was wrong! Just as well!
Gorizilla, grab Cat Noir's Miraculous
and be done with him!
Missed me! Missed me again!
That's it, big guy.
Come on, just a little more...
There!
Cataclysm!
[scream]
This is Cat Noir Express Deliveries.
Did you order a giant beast, Milady?
I knew I could count on you!
-Where's Adrien?
-He's safe!
I'm very sorry,
but I'll have to search your pockets!
Here you are!
Time to de-evilise!
Gotcha!
Bye-bye, little butterfly.
Miraculous Ladybug!
-Pound it!
One of these days, I'll find out
who Ladybug and Cat Noir really are!
And when I do,
I'll make them pay for eternity!
Adrien, are you OK?
He's totally fine! See, if I were you,
I wouldn't hang around too long.
Unless you don't mind revealing
your secret identity to all of us.
Bye, Adrien! Bye, Kitty! Bug out!
Gotta scat, too!
Thanks for your help, Adrien!
That was awesome! I helped Cat Noir
save Paris from that nasty big ape!
I knew I could count on you.
I'm sorry I had to ask you
to stand in for me earlier.
You must think I'm not very brave.
You kidding? I got to be
in Adrien's shoes for a few minutes!
A dream come true!
I'm really sorry I posted that photo
on the Internet. You must be mad at me.
-Is that your email?
-Yeah.
If you can manage to stop running after me
screaming, I'm sure we can be friends.
I promise, Adrien!
Oh, Tikki! I went to the movies
with Adrien! It's best day of my life!
Oh, no! I went to the movies
with Adrien in my pyjamas,
wearing funny glasses and a towel!
It's the worst day of my life!
[phone rings]
Alya!
OK, Marinette, we all saw your pics
online, but we're totally lost!
-We need the scoop!
-Right. Not surprised!
I'll just change, then I'll be right over.
Wait. Where are you?
At the swimming pool?
We're still waiting, girl!
[laughter]
Sit down, Adrien.
All you had to do was ask me.
I'm sorry, Father. I tried to talk to you,
but you were so busy.
In fact, I always feel
like you don't want to talk at all, so...
You should have trusted me, son.
We should be able to trust each other.
If you were to begin
hiding the truth from me,
then I'd naturally start imagining
all kinds of things.
Right, Father. Thank you.